now Saul spoke to Jonathan his son and
to all his servants that they should
kill David
but Jonathan Saul's son delighted
greatly in David
so Jonathan told David my father saw
seeks to kill you
therefore please be on your guard until
morning and stay in a secret place and
hide and I will go out and stand beside
my father in the field where you are and
I will speak with my father about you
then what I observe I will tell you thus
Jonathan spoke well of David to Saul his
father let not the king sin against his
servant against David because he has not
sinned against you and because his works
have been very good toward you for he
took his life in his hands and killed
the Philistine and the Lord brought
about a great deliverance for all Israel
you saw it and rejoiced why then will
you sin against innocent blood to kill
David without a cause so Saul heeded the
voice of Jonathan and Saul swore as the
Lord lives he shall not be killed and
Jonathan called David and Jonathan told
him all these things so Jonathan brought
David to Saul and he was in his presence
as in times past
[Music]
[Applause]
and there was war again and David went
out and fought with the Philistines and
struck them with a mighty blow and they
fled from him now the distressing spirit
from the Lord came upon Sol as he sat in
his house with his spear in his hand
is playing music with his hand then soul
sought to pin David to the wall with the
spear but he slipped away from Saul's
presence he drove the spear
so David fled and escaped that night
Saul also sent messengers to David's
house to watch him and to kill him in
the morning and Michael David's wife
told him if you do not save your life
tonight tomorrow you will be killed
[Music]
so Michael let David down through a
window and he went and fled and escaped
and Michael took an image and laid it in
the bed put a cover of goats hair for
his head and covered it with clothes so
when saul sent messengers to take David
she said he is sick then Saul sent the
messengers back to see David bring him
up to me in the bed but I may kill him
and when the messengers have come in
there was the image in the bed with a
cover of goats hair for his head then
Saul said to Michael why have you
deceived me like this and sent my enemy
away so that he has escaped he said to
me let me go why should I kill you so
David fled and escaped and went to
Samuel at Rhema and told him all that
Saul had done to him and he and Samuel
went and stayed in Nathe
now it was told Saul take note
David is at Nayef in Ramah then soul
sent messengers to take David and when
they saw the group of prophets prophesy
and Samuel standing as leader over them
the Spirit of God came upon the
messengers of Saul and they also
prophesied and when Saul was told he
sent other messengers and they
prophesied likewise then Saul sent
messengers again the third time and they
prophesied also then he also went to
Rhema and came to the great wealth that
is @cq so he asked where are Samuel and
David and someone said indeed they are
at Nathan Rhema so he went there to
Nathan Rhema and the Spirit of God was
upon him also and he went on and
prophesied until he came to Nathan Rhema
and he also stripped off his clothes and
prophesied before Samuel in like manner
and lay down naked
all that day and all that night
therefore they say is Saul also among
the prophets
you